DO websocket restructuring (#11162)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/durable-objects/api/websockets.md

---
title: WebSockets
pcx_content_type: configuration
---

# WebSockets

## Background

> WebSockets allow you to communicate in real time with your Cloudflare Workers serverless functions. Real time communication combined with Durable Objects as a single-point-of-coordination provides powerful tools for building applications like chat rooms and multiplayer games. For more information beyond the API reference, see [Using WebSockets in Durable Objects](/durable-objects/learning/websockets/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebSockets are long-lived TCP connections that enable bi-directional, real-time communication between client and server.

[Durable Objects](/durable-objects/) support WebSockets — your Durable Object can act as a single point-of-coordination for WebSocket sessions, giving you full control over messages sent to and from clients, allowing you to build applications like chat rooms and multiplayer games.

For more information beyond the API reference, refer to [Using WebSockets in Durable Objects](/durable-objects/learning/websockets/).
```

refs https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/pull/11147
